Yeah,
>> Clip path, that's pretty sweet.
I've seen a lot of like,
a background color full div that kind of
just moves out and
doesn't reveal as well for that effect.
But I think that was pretty sure.
>> Yeah, so, that might be the more
performant way of doing it.
But clip path gives you
a lot more freedom.
There's one thing that actually I don't
know why I didn't show this before, but
one of my pens uses clip path
in a very very crazy way.
Here I'll show you what I mean.
Yeah.
So, actually I don't know if this uses.
Yeah, so it's what if I turn
the shadows off, it is a lot smoother.
This one took a lot.
[LAUGH] just because I
needed to also manipulate
the shadows on the different elements.
So that was pretty fun.
Also this cat on the string.
So this is not SB or anything like that,
each one of this is
actually a A just a div.
And so basically,
you can think of a div inside of the div.
And if you move that second div down and
then rotate it a little and
then do the same thing
did rotate it a little.
>> You kind of did that with
the animation where it says animation or
box the second last one you did.
Where you would move the box and
an animation would come inside and then.
>> Yeah, sort of but, so that one
actually works the opposite of this one
because we don't want both of
them moving at the same time.
Because we want to
individually control each one.
>> Well yeah, there was a delay
between when animation came in.
Admitted it looked like the box
was pushing the writing.
>> Yeah, so I started off with,
SAS variables for doing things like that.
Because what you could do is say like,
each one in it just add
a certain value so that it looks
like it's sort of doing a delay.
CSS variables can do the same thing.
So that's why the main points that I
wanted people to bring home from this
workshop are CSS variables,
data attributes.
And just how you could use them to better
organize your styles into animations.
>> So this is in HTML canvas, [CROSSTALK]
>> No, this is a-
>> Just doing like a Photoshop with layers
basically yeah, that's great thanks.
>> Okay, now I understand what
you're getting each layer and
kind of move it like he's
sitting behind and underneath.
>> Yeah, this is yep all all SVG Do, so,
this one was fun to do too
win PokemonGo was the thing.
I think it's a still thing,
people still do it,
but like, yeah, so, [LAUGH] Yeah.
All right, so I hope that you all
enjoy the workshop and thanks for
sticking around for
the impromptu dribble demo.
[LAUGH] Thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]